and then the response is trumpeted as if
there's something magical about it when
in fact what's happened is a whole
statistical tap dance routine that
violates good science however on the
basis of that kind of phony trial the
drug can be marketed it keep in mind
that when a drug is tested in the
clinical trials it's only a very short
period of time the final phase of
testing can be anywhere from five to six
weeks the longest of those studies was
eight weeks the shortest was four weeks
so these are not long term studies I
think most physicians and most people
taking the drugs assume their long term
one year two years three your studies
they're not they're very very short
studies I find it pretty outrageous that
we can base a multi-billion dollar
industry on a few six or eight week
clinical trials where any depressant
medications beat a sugar pill by a few
percentage points
sasa là-bas oh c'est hosted on shoes
pepsico todos fso conveyor potency Alma
motel so reg Liam Oh a proviso
restriction Paulo idea commands little
possible lipsy Catawba pot beaucoup de
xiao le committed a probation saddle
idea son contrôlée parties a DVD Quixote
an apotheosis a poem SEO the FDA panels
evaluate these drugs are largely
psychiatrist all of a sudden you
discover there are 20 different
pharmaceutical companies paying them
either grants or honorary or some other
way they're getting paid by the
pharmaceutical industry if you have a
psychiatrist who works at the FDA he
could also be being paid by industry he
might sit on industry panels or
discussions or get paid to be a speaker
what I found in working with physicians
at the FDA was that they they could have
dual positions they could sit on an
industry board they could be influenced
by industry if you've got ten FDA
scientists or ten committee members it's
just a matter of six saying yes the drug
is safe for saying no and in almost
every single case those six saying that
the drug is safe and effective always
have pharmaceutical tides are getting
paid they're getting funded somehow or
another have you been diagnosed with
depression and struggle with sadness
trouble sleeping anxiety or low energy
ask your doctor about effexor XR
une fois fast watt ave como va todo in
combined demarcating ishani canosa miss
Alyssa cuatro de Giacomo siyapaa muguara
press clear see medical model mundo de
las nuevas de prisa lavas Gatling what
phase for clinical trials are is when
they've actually gotten the drug
approved and then they get it into the
general population so that we finally
find out what it does when it hits
ethnic populations women children then
we see who dies who has seizures who has
deformed children who has epilepsy who
has diseases downstream whose heart
stops the public is the clinical trial
that's where we find out the problems
with these drugs this is an experimental
stage and it's so much so that one
consumer protection group has advised
patients that they refuse a prescription
for any drug that hasn't already been on
the market for seven years so if you're
taking a drug that's only been out for a
year or two or three you are a guinea
pig meal experimentation Sao Paulo
utilizando manually agnostic a statistic
day Tobler motto SI todos Avanti pour
faire dodo testa lip Socotra voltic wat
hola papi on sibling I personally
priznah faceva if they test their drugs
on children then they get a six-month
extension on their exclusivity period or
patent period so Santos psychiatric
Durocher so lipstick otro sitio texts
utilized is a nose pores ET des Alfonso
porta volante Emma infatti so no les
autre desert if asleep easily motifs on
truTV's a polysaccharide avatar this is
we play we have gay boys we have xbox
with our TV we come in here and they
helped ourselves to crackers cookies
free candy for you
Odom is painful no Missy privileges no
song k dps poor period essays on phone
Dada lead ipsec otro preso canoe Popo
vocalist reseeding a violin CDs on fond
de la Hacha these are drugs that would
cost may be several hundred dollars a
month in a pharmacy they actually are
getting them free in in research
children and we just love children are
there they are future by conducting
those tests on children they get a
financial incentive it's worth over a
billion dollars those are the facts you
may come on what you will Oh razon de
som da homie so true Liz experimentation
derp sokoto Jolie sofa soma logos mando
crizotinib Rosa passavant Wapato condo
she Ashanti taken cruise otaku dota
testificandum it wha so desi doli Santa
portrait Alito bruh the dis Felipe
monster Ellen those drugs which are
barely more effective than to see bows
often have huge side effects which are
dangerous and even deadly to people
families don't know the risk if they
actually were aware of the risk and
believe that they wouldn't no one would
take Paris the psychiatrist would never
she didn't say one word to me about what
was going to be the effects of the drugs
no side effects listed know well let's
sit down me to talk about this at that
point time he said well this doesn't
have that type of reaction on any
children you know that it's very safe if
he had told me then what I know now
about it I never would have taken it she
said it must have been on paxil that's
the only way she'd kill herself
and I said well what is this how do
people know this I didn't know anybody
would know something like that and we
went on the internet and all sudden you
find out this it's not uncommon but it's
not uncommon for people to become
psychotic on these drugs we're entitled
to know the truth before we give a
mind-altering drug to our children our
wife our mother our Father ourselves we
don't really know what they're doing
that's what scares me it's all made up
theory there are no facts about what
these drugs really do and if someone
said well we don't know what this is
going to do to you good or bad would you
take that medication now that is not the
practice of medicine that's the practice
of marketing and this practice of
marketing is taking lives and the poor
patient doesn't even know it
madona Donan deteste demarcating dibs
catawba large ontas imola security lead
obscure public ruseva ps3 kappa prevents
in da middle ah ha ha podido Blasio
fabric a mi so circulation saucony
balaban centrale de citas you nee me poo
poo vagyok AZ Otonashi own lip
psychiatric de Bourgh conv call Sigma
the maxi Lopez apartado to sir shall we
the prescriptive the midi c'mon